Add information on state of charge input for Ohme (#45144)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ohme.markdown

- **Preconditioning duration**
  - **Description**: Defines how long to precondition your vehicle before the target time. `0` means preconditioning is disabled.
  - **Available for devices**: all

> - **State of charge input**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **State of charge input**
```

>   - **Description**: Used to set the current state of charge for non-API connected vehicles. This will only function when a vehicle is connected. For more information please see the related [Ohme documentation](https://ohme-ev.com/support/how-to-set-your-battery-level-when-you-plug-in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Description**: Used to set the current state of charge for non-API connected vehicles. This will only function when a vehicle is connected. For more information, refer to the related [Ohme documentation](https://ohme-ev.com/support/how-to-set-your-battery-level-when-you-plug-in).
```
